#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.txt
#
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   stack-data
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
boto3==1.24.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-ses
botocore==1.27.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pip-tools
coverage==6.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
crispy-bootstrap5==0.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   social-auth-core
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
distlib==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==3.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-ses
    #   django-storages
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-compressor==4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
django-debug-toolbar==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-environ==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-extensions==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-react-components==0.1.8a0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-sass-processor==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-ses==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-storages==1.12.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
django-webpack-loader==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
ec2-metadata==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
executing==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   stack-data
filelock==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
flake8==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
identify==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
ipython==8.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
libsass==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flake8
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   build
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   jedi
pep517==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
pip-tools==6.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   virtualenv
pre-commit==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   stack-data
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   botocore
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django
    #   django-ses
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
rcssmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-compressor
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ec2-metadata
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   social-auth-core
rjsmin==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django-compressor
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   cryptography
    #   libsass
    #   python-dateutil
    #   virtualenv
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   build
    #   pep517
traitlets==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
urllib3==1.26.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
virtualenv==20.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
